README.md, before:

# Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree
# Reinforcement Learning
## Project: Train a Smartcab How to Drive

### Install

This project requires **Python 2.7** with the [pygame](https://www.pygame.org/wiki/GettingStarted
) library installed

### Code

Template code is provided in the `smartcab/agent.py` python file. Additional supporting python code can be found in `smartcab/enviroment.py`, `smartcab/planner.py`, and `smartcab/simulator.py`. Supporting images for the graphical user interface can be found in the `images` folder. While some code has already been implemented to get you started, you will need to implement additional functionality for the `LearningAgent` class in `agent.py` when requested to successfully complete the project. 

### Run

In a terminal or command window, navigate to the top-level project directory `smartcab/` (that contains this README) and run one of the following commands:

```python smartcab/agent.py```  
```python -m smartcab.agent```

This will run the `agent.py` file and execute your agent code.

Commit message:

Updated documentation with project description.
Detailed project description is added to provide context.

README.md, after:

# Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree
# Reinforcement Learning
## Project: Train a Smartcab How to Drive

### Project Overview

As a part of the Reinforcement Learning module, the final project required the application of reinforcement learning to build a simulated vehicle navigation agent. A smart cab is placed randomly in a grid world of 8 columns by 6 rows, navigating traffic against 100 dummy agents in order to reach the destination. 

This project involved modeling a complex control problem in terms of limited available inputs, and designing a scheme to automatically learn an optimal driving strategy based on rewards and penalties.

### Install

This project requires **Python 2.7** with the [pygame](https://www.pygame.org/wiki/GettingStarted
) library installed

### Code

Template code is provided in the `smartcab/agent.py` python file. Additional supporting python code can be found in `smartcab/enviroment.py`, `smartcab/planner.py`, and `smartcab/simulator.py`. Supporting images for the graphical user interface can be found in the `images` folder. While some code has already been implemented to get you started, you will need to implement additional functionality for the `LearningAgent` class in `agent.py` when requested to successfully complete the project. 

### Run

In a terminal or command window, navigate to the top-level project directory `smartcab/` (that contains this README) and run one of the following commands:

```python smartcab/agent.py```  
```python -m smartcab.agent```

This will run the `agent.py` file and execute your agent code.
